
Nurse: Good morning, new day today. 
Nurse: Hope you're ready to start work!
System Notification: Medication order for the patient in Bed 22. 
System Notification: Antibiotic is needed STAT, other 2 are in 30 minutes.

Nurse: I need a STAT dose of Vancomycin for Patient 15.

Doctor: I'd like counseling for Bed 19 regarding Warfarin.

*Proceeds to ward
Pharmacist: Hello, how are you feeling? 
Pharmacist: I'm here to run through your medications with you. 
Pharmacist: Can I get a confirmation for your name and IC number please?
Patient: My name is Ho Yong Hao 
Yong Hao: My IC number is S#####94Z
Pharmacist: Alright, so you'll be starting on this antibiotic as well as these 2 other medications from today onwards. 
Pharmacist: Further information will be given once things are more settled okay? 
Pharmacist: Do you have any questions for me as of now?
Yong Hao: Nope, I don't have any other questions.
Pharmacist: Alright, that's good. 
Pharmacist: If you need anything you can inform the nurses, alright? 
Pharmacist: I'll get going now.

Doctor: Sorry to bother, is there any evidence for the use of metoclopramide in the treatment of migraine?

Pharmacist: Hi Ms Janet, you're in charge of the patient Ho Yong Hao at Bed 22 right?
Medical Officer: Hello, yes. Is there something wrong?
Pharmacist: It seems that the patient's insulin regime is different from the prescribed dosage. Are you aware of this?
Medical Officer: Ah yes, there seems to have been some last minute changes that were not updated in the system. 
Medical Officer: I will change it, thanks for the reminder.

Nurse: I have an enquiry, I'm not sure about the administration of intravenous Amikacin, 1g. 
Nurse: Could you help me out with it?

*Verification of Ciprofloxacin*

Pharmacist: *Calls doctor*
Pharmacist: Hello Dr. Muthu, I would like to suggest that you change the ciprofloxacin to an alternative beta-lactam 
such as cephalexin or cefuroxime for the patient in Bed 17. 
It seems that he is showing allergy reactions to the ciprofloxacin.


